"This is like deja vu all over again."

"You can observe a lot just by watching."

"He must have made that before he died." -- Referring to a Steve
McQueen movie.

"I want to thank you for making this day necessary." -- On Yogi Berra
Appreciation Day in St. Louis in 1947.

"I'd find the fellow who lost it, and, if he was poor, I'd return it."
-- When asked what he would do if he found a million dollars.

"Think! How the hell are you gonna think and hit at the same time?"

"You've got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going,
because you might not get there."

"I knew I was going to take the wrong train, so I left early."

"If you don't know where you are going, you will wind up somewhere
else."

"If you can't imitate him, don't copy him."

"You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough
to eat six."

"Baseball is 90% mental -- the other half is physical."

"It was impossible to get a conversation going; everybody was talking
too much."

"Slump? I ain't in no slump. I just ain't hitting."

"A nickel isn't worth a dime today."

"Nobody goes there anymore; it's too crowded."

"It gets late early out there." -- Referring to the bad sun conditions
in left field at the stadium.

"Glen Cove." -- Referring to Glenn Close on a movie review television
show.

Once, Yogi's wife Carmen asked, "Yogi, you are from St. Louis, we live
in New Jersey, and you played ball in New York. If you go before I do,
where would you like me to have you buried?" Yogi replied, "Surprise
me."

"Do you mean now?" -- When asked for the time.

"I take a two hour nap, from one o'clock to four."

"If you come to a fork in the road, take it."

"You give 100 percent in the first half of the game, and if that isn't
enough in the second half you give what's left."

"90% of the putts that are short don't go in."

"I made a wrong mistake."

"Texas has a lot of electrical votes." -- During an election campaign,
after George Bush stated that Texas was important to the election.

"Thanks, you don't look so hot yourself." -- After being told he
looked cool.

"I always thought that record would stand until it was broken."

"Yeah, but we're making great time!" -- In reply to "Hey Yogi, I think
we're lost."

"If the fans don't come out to the ball park, you can't stop them."

"Why buy good luggage? You only use it when you travel."

"It's never happened in the World Series competition, and it still
hasn't."

"How long have you known me, Jack? And you still don't know how to
spell my name." -- Upon receiving a check from Jack Buck made out to
"bearer."

"I'd say he's done more than that." -- When asked if first baseman Don
Mattingly had exceeded expectations for the current season.

"The other teams could make trouble for us if they win."

"He can run anytime he wants. I'm giving him the red light." -- On the
acquisition of fleet Ricky Henderson.

"I never blame myself when I'm not hitting. I just blame the bat, and
if it keeps up, I change bats. After all, if I know it isn't my fault
that I'm not hitting, how can I get mad at myself?"

"It ain't the heat; it's the humility."

"The towels were so thick there I could hardly close my suitcase."

"You should always go to other people's funerals; otherwise, they
won't come to yours."

"I didn't really say everything I said."
